Here at Mr. Beast, we are always trying
to pull off the impossible. I tweeted
out that I've been sitting on this idea
for a commercial and Mark, the founder
of Salesforce, responded. That's why
this is so last minute because it wasn't
really supposed to be a thing, but here
we are. We have only a few weeks. We got
to put together a massive treasure hunt
in addition to a massive production
campaign to surround the Super Bowl ad.
>> And we've had this idea forever.
Finally, now that we have a really good
partner with Salesforce, it's actually
possible. I think this might literally
be the greatest Super Bowl commercial
ever.
>> You can't be executing at this type of
scale, at this type of speed, without
the right tools.
>> There is no way that we could execute
what we do here without Salesforce.
>> Mr. Reese is a YouTube production
company that does insane productions
across many different mediums. Now,
>> there is so many projects out there.
Without slack, I don't know what we
would be able to do. Things that people
think are impossible to pull off, we
pull it off every time. People living in
the sky, ages 1 to 100, competition,
saving animals all across the world.
>> First video I ever did, I put him in the
middle of the ocean for seven days.
>> Burying people underground.
>> Bury me alive. You have to bury someone
alive. Slack is definitely the best way
to communicate.
>> There's always something unique, always
something different. Keeps us on our
toes.
>> Slack makes facilitating conversation so
easy.
>> Jimmy will throw it in a Slack group
chat. She needs a chicken ranch.
Since we're always going after the best
idea possible, things can just change on
a dime.
>> If Jimmy comes up with some like crazy
random idea, we kind of just stop what
we're doing and go find a way to film
that idea.
>> And then we blow the bank up.
>> Sure.
>> I was on a shoot that was originally
called I built 50 houses and then the
night before he was like, why don't you
make it 100 houses? These kind of last
minute changes really couldn't happen
without Slack. We are never all in the
same place at once. Whether some of us
are in Saudi Arabia,
>> building wells in Africa,
>> we've spent seven days in the pyramids.
We essentially be through Antarctica.
>> Being able to open Slack, start a
channel, and know that I can communicate
with every person I need to be in
communication with is imperative for
getting the job done.
>> We have so many departments that need to
be on the same page
>> from chocolate to production teams,
gaming, philanthropy.
>> I don't have time to go through each one
and kind of sift through the messages.
So, I can hit Slackbot with a quick,
"Hey, what have I missed?" and it'll
come back to me with a recap of
everything in like a bite-sized box.
>> I use Slackbot probably every single
day.
>> Whether it's gathering animals from
around the world or getting exotic cars,
we're processing a lot of communication
and data.
>> Just on our casting department, they
have to go through hundreds upon
hundreds of thousands of contestants.
>> Jimmy loves the number 100. So, if Jimmy
asks me to find a one-year-old and a
100year-old and all ages in between, I'm
using that Slack bot just to find that
answer very quickly. How do you get a
Lamborghini in the air?
>> Do we have a Canon expert anywhere?
>> We're often overwhelmed with how many
projects we're pursuing at the same
time. Flashbot allows us to keep up with
all the collaboration that's going on at
the company. It's constantly challenging
keeping everyone together, but Slack
lets us do that.
>> If you're running a business without
Slack, you're doing it on hard bug.
>> You never really know what you're going
to walk into every day, which is why
it's so special here. We had a bear on
set.
Hey, help.
>> And the easiest way to notify the entire
building that the bear was coming out
and people needed to leave the building
was on Slack.
>> There's a bear in the studio. What do
you mean?
>> Everybody was notified on Slack. The
bear was coming out. Then it was a very
successful shoot.
>> Tom, how you doing?
>> He's okay. Don't look at him too long.
>> The writing process is kind of what most
people would imagine, which is we
objectively just try to come up with the
best ideas based on whatever we think
the most amount of people would want to
watch and would enjoy. And we call that
blue skying. What's a blue sky idea that
is just like awesome that we would want
to see? Let me blue sky this idea. Don't
everyone don't freak out when I what I'm
about to say because I'm about to say a
crazy idea. I want the Golden Gate
Bridge fully rented out at 4 in the
morning. I want helicopters. I want 50
tanks. Everyone knows the crux of
dropped a big bomb and it was a big
explosion. I actually never watched the
movie, but this is like the most blue
sky idea. Like imagine if like the way
we crashed through the gate was we put
like this giant hole right here. like we
blew it up. Like he he's running he goes
blow it up. Boom. We blow this thing up.
Our brand I feel like is so um versatile
that we can kind of go do anything and
the only metrics of success is virality.
>> We are at 459,536,45
subscribers that watch our content.
Well, now it's 407, but
>> we are so data rich, whether it's data
on lighting fixtures or how we think
lighting is affecting retention. They've
found over the years that Jimmy being
center frame, the brightest thing,
particularly in our thumbnails, leads
people to click through more.
>> Well, now it's at 478. So,
>> we're managing a lot of data, and having
tools like Salesforce lets us wrap our
arms around that data. I mean, I don't
know how you manage the data of money,
but there's money.
>> $250,000.
>> $500,000. 1 million $5 million of real
money.
>> It's always different, but you should
always assume you're going to be dealing
with a lot of cash. We use real money
because everything we do is real. That's
a Wednesday.
>> So, sometimes we have to use Salesforce
and Slack even just to track various
losses like this.
Most people can't comprehend how much
money $500,000 is. So what we do is we
crumple it.
>> We have specific people paid to crumple
money for hours upon hours upon hours.
My favorite thing about working here is
money. So we crumple money because we
need to make it larger than life. Slack
is the only way we can keep
communication up because everything is
lightning fast. So we needed to make a
money crumpling machine.
The easiest way to explain is it both
sucks and blows. So, we'll break the
bill, put it in the balloon. Now you
have the balloon ready to go. Safety
first.
And this has made us about 10 times
faster.
>> Whether it's finding a faster way to
crumple cash or communicating with teams
around the globe, we are always looking
for the most efficient tools. And one of
you, yes you watching will literally win
it all.
>> What I really wanted to achieve with
Salesforce is like how do we create
something that people are talking about
days after, ideally weeks after. There's
no way we could have done it without
Slack. I mean, hands down, it is a very,
very complex, massive riddle.
>> We have puzzle contributors all over the
country. We meet up using Slack to give
clues to each other, work as a group. I
could be a clue. This microphone could
be a clue. Maybe you're a clue.
>> Like this thing. Is it a clue? I don't
know. Ah, looks like Jimmy's going to
need $5 million crumpled. I'm going to
have to really call in some
reinforcements. The first one of you to
select me, the hidden code will become a
millionaire. So, enjoy the game, THEN GO
WIN A MILLION DOLLAR.
>> THIS SUPER Bowl ad is a culmination of
everything we do great at Beast. Man, I
can't wait for this commercial to air.
I'm so freaking excited. I love Slack.